smart hashing (#7538)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/index.md

> info "You must manually configure bulk batches for Actions destinations"
> To support bulk batching for the Actions Webhook destination, you must set `enable-batching: true` and `batch_size: >= 1000`.

### Hashing 
Segment automatically hashes personally identifiable information (PII). This simplifies implementation for teams with data privacy requirements and eliminates issues with double-hashing that can result in failed matching at destinations. 

> These are the 2 types of data that Segment handles for hashing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment supports two types of data hashing:
```

* **Plain text data:** When you send plain text values to destinations that require hashed values, Segment automatically normalizes and hashes these values. 
* **Pre-hashed data:** If you already hash your data before sending it to Segment, Segment is able to detect that the data is hashed, and will pass your pre-hashed data directly to the destination, avoiding double-hashing. 

> > info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Manual hashing guidance"
```
Or maybe "Manual hashing tips"?

> > When pre-hashing data yourself, ensure you follow each destination's specific hashing requirements. Fields that support automatic hashing detection will have a tooltip indicating *"If not hashed, Segment will hash this value."*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you choose to hash data yourself, ensure you follow each destination's specific hashing requirements. Fields that support automatic hashing detection will display a tooltip indicating *"If not hashed, Segment will hash this value."*
```
